# (How To)   Using Attribute Aggregation

The Vena Help chatbot is currently only available in vena.io.
Vena Solutions/Modeler/Data Modeling/Dimensions & Members Search
Getting Started
Manager
Contributor and Tasks
Modeler
Modeler Fundamentals
Data Modeling
Dimensions & Members
How-To: Assigning Dimension
Types and Standard Members
Explainer: What Is the
Maximum Number of
Dimension Members and
Member Name CharactersHow-To: Using Attribute Aggregation
Why use this feature?
Attribute Aggregation refers to virtual dimension members that are generated by Vena and
offered as a choice when mapping Page, Rows or Columns. These members, when mapped,
represent the aggregate value of all members in a hierarchy that have a particular attribute
attached.
Vena Support Team
Updated 4 months ago
02/01/2026, 14:11 How-To: Using Attribute Aggregation – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/204065029-How-To-Using-Attribute-Aggregation 1/7

How-To: Combining
Dimensions Using Multiple
Expressions for Slices to Clear
How-To: Restoring a Dimension
Member That Was Mistakenly
Deleted
How-To: Bulk Updating
Dimension or Hierarchy
Member Names
How-To: Bulk Attach/Detach
Attributes and Filter by
Attributes
How-To: Search for Members,
Attributes, Aliases and GL
Codes With the Modeler Search
Explainer: What’s the Difference
Between an Alternate Hierarchy
and Calculated Members?
How-To: Copy Data in Bulk and
Save Versioning Configurations
in Modeler
Explainer: What Are Linked
Dimensions?
Explainer: What Are Unmapped
Dimensions and Default
Members?In other words, it is an alternative to the manual effort of finding the sum of a Row expression
that filters on one particular attribute. It can instead provide in one line, the total amount for a
given attribute. Attribute Aggregation members can also be used within dynamic expressions,
and they only provide a positive summation of the values.
How to
Create a new attribute
1. Navigate to the Modeler tab.
2. Navigate to the appropriate data model.
3. Locate the dimension member you want to add an attribute to.
02/01/2026, 14:11 How-To: Using Attribute Aggregation – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/204065029-How-To-Using-Attribute-Aggregation 2/7

Reference: Creating a
Calculated Number That
Excludes a Member
Reference: Dynamic Member
Sets
How-To: Building a Custom
Roll-up Using Calculated
Members
Reference: Exporting
Hierarchies in Vena Using HQL
Reference: Naming Guidelines
for Dimension Members
How-To: Using Attribute
Aggregation
Reference: Export Intersections
and Line-Item Details
Troubleshooting: Error While
Processing the Model Slice
Expression When Previewing
Intersections
Troubleshooting: Versioning
Copy To and Copy From must
Contain the Same Set of
Dimensions
See all 21 articles4. Right-click on the dimension member and select Edit from the menu.
5. Select + Add Attribute. A drawer opens with a list of existing attributes.
6. Select + Add Attribute.
7. Enter an attribute name.
8. Select + Add Attribute to save the new attribute.
9. Select Done to close the drawer.02/01/2026, 14:11 How-To: Using Attribute Aggregation – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/204065029-How-To-Using-Attribute-Aggregation 3/7

Managing Your Model
Functions
Calcs (Scripts)
Data Transformation &
Integration
Admin
Vena Ad Hoc
Vena Insights
Vena for Microsoft
PowerPoint
Vena Copilot
Product UpdatesAttach an attribute
1. Navigate to the Modeler tab.
2. Navigate to the appropriate data model.
3. Locate the dimension member you want to add an attribute to.
02/01/2026, 14:11 How-To: Using Attribute Aggregation – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/204065029-How-To-Using-Attribute-Aggregation 4/7

4. Right-click on the dimension member and select Edit from the menu.
5. Select the check-box next to each attribute in the drop-down menu that you want to attach
to the dimension member.
6. Select + Update to save your changes.
7. You can now choose an Attribute Aggregate member as the member choice when mapping
Page, Rows or Columns in your template.
Notes and limitations
You cannot have Line-Item Detail lines created for it.
You cannot have Cell Comments attached to aggregate data cells.
You cannot drill transactions into this data.02/01/2026, 14:11 How-To: Using Attribute Aggregation – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/204065029-How-To-Using-Attribute-Aggregation 5/7

Was this article helpful?
4 out of 10 found this helpful
Related articles
How-To: Data Model Series (Part 3): Attributes
and Versioning
How-To: Bulk Attach/Detach Attributes and
Filter by Attributes
How-To: Building a Custom Roll-up Using
Calculated Members
Reference: Vena Calcs - 5 - Functions
How-To: Search for Members, Attributes,
Aliases and GL Codes With the Modeler
SearchRecently viewed articles
Reference: Naming Guidelines for Dimension
Members
Reference: Exporting Hierarchies in Vena
Using HQL
How-To: Building a Custom Roll-up Using
Calculated Members
Reference: Dynamic Member Sets
Reference: Creating a Calculated Number
That Excludes a Member02/01/2026, 14:11 How-To: Using Attribute Aggregation – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/204065029-How-To-Using-Attribute-Aggregation 6/7

Copyright © 2011-2025 Vena Solutions Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy PolicyEnglish (US) Didn't find what you're looking for?
Our application support team is ready to help.
Submit a Request02/01/2026, 14:11 How-To: Using Attribute Aggregation – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/204065029-How-To-Using-Attribute-Aggregation 7/7
