# (How To)   Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed

The Vena Help chatbot is currently only available in vena.io.
Vena Solutions/Modeler/Data Transformation & Integration/NetSuite Integration Search
Getting Started
Manager
Contributor and Tasks
Modeler
Modeler Fundamentals
Data Modeling
Functions
Calcs (Scripts)
Data Transformation &
Integration
ETL Jobs
Data Querying
Vena TablesHow-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector
and Data Feed
Use the NetSuite native connector to streamline your workflow and bring your ERP data into Vena.
Why use this feature?
Use the NetSuite Connector and Data Feed to connect to Netsuite and query data more easily. Our native
connector for NetSuite allows you to bring your ERP data into Vena for all your financial planning, reporting,
and analysis processes, such as budgeting and forecasting, management and financial reporting, modeling
and analysis, financial consolidations, and financial close management.
Vena Support Team
Updated 1 month ago
05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 1/31

Microsoft Fabric
Integration
Business Central
Integration
NetSuite Integration
Reference: NetSuite Saved
Searches Configuration for
Different Use Cases and the
Role for the Vena Connector
How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite
Connector and Data Feed
How-To: Use the New RESTlet
for NetSuite
How-To: Installing the Vena
Suite Bundle for NetSuite
Explainer: Updating the Vena
Suite Bundle for NetSuite
Troubleshooting: Error
Receiving Data from NetSuite
Invalid Login Attempt
Troubleshooting: NetSuite Error
Caused By Not Having Required
Permission
Troubleshooting: NetSuite Has
Encountered an Error: "null"
During ETLTable of contents
Before you begin
How to
Phase 1: Setting up your NetSuite connection
Step 1: Add Vena Integration Role
Step 2: Get your NetSuite Account ID
Step 3: Create a NetSuite Consumer Key & Consumer Secret
Step 4: Create a NetSuite Token ID & Token Secret
Step 5: Choose a User and Role for the NetSuite access token
Phase 2: Setting up a NetSuite Connector
Phase 3: Setting up a NetSuite Data Feed
Custom Saved Search Data Feed
Transaction Saved Search Data Feed
Before you begin
You must have Modeler access to follow the instructions in this article. You must be an Administrator of
the NetSuite account where you install the Suite Bundles.
Before continuing, you must:
1. Install the Vena Suite Bundle for NetSuite.
2. Set up the NetSuite Connector.
Note05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 2/31

Troubleshooting: NetSuite
Script Execution Time Exceeded
Troubleshooting: NetSuite An
nlobjSearchFilter Contains an
Invalid Operator
Troubleshooting: Error
Receiving Data from NetSuite:
java.lang.Exception: An
Unexpected Error Has
Occurred
Troubleshooting: Error
Receiving Data from NetSuite:
NetSuite Encountered an
Unexpected Error
QuickBooks Integration
Power Automate
Integration
Power BI Integration
Sage Intacct Integration
Salesforce Integration
Troubleshooting Data
Transformation
How-to: Vena Integration: Part 1 -
Feature Overview
How-to: Vena Integration: Part 2
– Internal SourcesHow to
Phase 1: Setting up your NetSuite connection
The NetSuite connector allows you to create and store an access token in NetSuite. Due to how NetSuite
handles access tokens, this is a multi-part process in which you must first perform some setup within
NetSuite before creating the connection in Vena.
To create a NetSuite connection, you will first need to obtain the following from NetSuite:
1. Add the Vena Integrations Role to your profile.
2. Get your NetSuite Account ID.
3. Create a Consumer Key/Consumer Secret combination (generated by creating an Integration in
NetSuite).
4. A Token ID/Token Secret combination (generated by creating an Access Token in NetSuite).
5. Choose a User and Role for the NetSuite Access Token.
Once you have these details, you can create a NetSuite Connector in Vena.
Add the Vena Integrations Role to your profile
A Vena account can only be set up as one NetSuite account. 05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 3/31

How-to: Vena Integration: Part 3
– External Sources – Data Feeds
& Connections
How-to: Vena Integration: Part 4
– Import and Export API
How-to: Vena Integration: Part 5 -
Destinations
How-to: Vena Integration: Part 6
– Channels & Field Mappings
How-To: Restoring Data That Has
Been Accidentally Overwritten or
Deleted
How-To: Create Automatic
Channel Mapping With Map by
Name
Admin
Vena Ad Hoc
Vena Insights
Vena for Microsoft
PowerPoint
Vena Copilot
Product Updates1. Navigate to Setup > User/Roles > Manage Roles ..
05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 4/31

2. Select the username where you want to assign the new role—for  example, Alex W olfe.
05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 5/31

3. Select Edit to update the user profile.
05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 6/31

4. Navigate to the Access sub-tab.
5. Type or search in the drop-down for the Vena Integration Role  and select Add, then select  Save.
Step 2: Get your NetSuite Account ID05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 7/31

1. Navigate to Setup > Integration  > SOAP  Web Services Preferences .05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 8/31

05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 9/31

2. Locate and  make a note of your Account ID , then proceed to the next step.
Step 3: Create a NetSuite Consumer Key and Consumer Secret
Note
If you are using the most updated versions of the Vena Suite Bundles, you may skip this step as entering
Consumer Keys and Secrets is no longer required. 05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 10/31

1. Navigate to Setup > Integration > Manage Integrations >  New.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 11/31

05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 12/31

2. Set up the NetSuite Integration as follows:
A Name:Type in a memorable name (and make a note of it, as you will need it shortly).
B State: Ensure this is set to Enabled (default setting).
C TBA Authorization Flow: Check off this box.
 DAuthorization Code Grant Redirect URL: Uncheck so the box is blank.
EUser Credentials: Check off this box.
**Leave all other settings at their defaults**05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 13/31

3. When you’re finished, select the  Save button.
The page will refresh with a confirmation message. Near the bottom of this page, find your Consumer
Key and Consumer Secret.
4. Locate and write down or copy/paste your  Consumer Key and Consumer Secret , then proceed  to the next
step.  Remember to record these now , as you can't retrieve them later . If you lose your Consumer Key and
Consumer Secret, you must create a new Integration in NetSuite by repeating the steps above.
Step 4: Create a NetSuite Token ID & Token Secret
1. In NetSuite, navigate to Setup > Users/Roles.
2. Look for an item under the Users/Roles menu called Access Tokens:
If you seeAccess Tokens, skip directly to Step 5 below.
If you do notseeAccess Tokens, proceed to the next step to enable Token-Based Authentications in
NetSuite first.
3. To enable Access Tokens in NetSuite, navigate to Setup > Company > Enable Features > SuiteCloud.
4. Look for the section Manage Authentication and enable the Token-Based Authentication option.
Once you have done that, return toSetup > Users/Roles.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 14/31

5. Select Access Tokens > New.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 15/31

05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 16/31

6. To set up the Access Token:
Application Name drop-down:Choose either the NetSuite Integration you created previously
(older versions of the Vena Suite Bundles only) or the Vena Distributed Integration Record if you have
the most updated versions of the Vena Suite Bundles.
User/Role drop-downs:Select a User and a Role to set the access level as appropriate for your
NetSuite environment.
Token Name field: Name this token by typing in any name you choose.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 17/31

7. When you are finished, select Save.
8. The page will refresh with a confirmation message. Near the bottom of this page, find yourToken
IDandToken Secret:
9. Write down or copy/paste yourToken IDandToken Secret.
Make sure to record these now, as you can't retrieve them later. If you lose your Token ID and
Token Secret, you will need to create a new Access Token in NetSuite by repeating the steps above.
Step 5: Choose a User and Role for a NetSuite Access Token05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 18/31

When creating a NetSuite Access Token, you may choose any User. However, the Role you select must meet
certain requirements.
The selected Role must have:
Access to the data that you want to pull into Vena (e.g. the Saved Search)
A set of four specific NetSuite Permissions that are required for use with Access Tokens (see below for
details)
To ensure that your NetSuite Access Token works correctly with Vena Integration, we recommend you use
the template role ‘customrole_vena_integrations’ sent in one of the SuiteBundles. You can also create a
custom role in NetSuite that meets the requirements. The easiest way to achieve this is to first duplicate an
existing role that has the appropriate data access permissions (Setup > Users/Roles > Manage Roles > Search,
then find the role to be duplicated, modify its name, and click on Save > Save As).
Once you have duplicated theRole, edit the newly created duplicate and assign the following four
permissions (Permissions > Setup):
1. Access Token Management: Full
2. User Access Tokens: Full
3. Log in using Access Tokens: Full
4. Web Services: Leave unchecked
Then, simply assign this custom Role to any user of your choice when creating the NetSuite Access Token for
Vena. This will ensure that the Role (and therefore the NetSuite Access Token) will work properly with Vena
Integration to access the desired data in NetSuite.
NOTE: To review users' roles, go to Setup > Users/Roles > Manage Users. The Manage Users page lists all users
by name, with their email addresses and default roles. 1. Click a user name to open his or her record. You
can then click the Edit button in the record to make changes.
Phase 2: Set up a NetSuite Connector
After completing the preceding steps, you should now have the necessary details in hand to set up a
NetSuite connection.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 19/31

1.  Navigate to the Modeler tab.
2. Select Data Transformations from the sidebar.
3. Select Connections from the sidebar tab.
4. Select + New Account.
5. Select NetSuite from the drop-down menu.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 20/31

6. Ensure you have the proper SuiteBundles installed, then select the checkbox beside Yes, I've
installed/updated the bundles in my NetSuite account.  05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 21/31

05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 22/31

7. Four fields will have appeared that must be filled out:
05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 23/31

A Name: Type in the name  of your choice. This name will be displayed in the Available Accounts
section to help you identify  this connection.
B Account ID: In this field, type in the Account ID  that you obtained from NetSuite .
C Access T oken ID:  Type in the Access Token ID  you generated in NetSuite.
D Access T oken Secret:  Type in the Access  Token Secret  you generated in NetSuite.
8. Once you have completed all the fields, select Connect  to complete the connection setup. The new NetSuite
connection will now appear under your Available Accounts  list.
Phase 3: Setting up a NetSuite Data Feed
To integrate data from NetSuite, you must set up a script in NetSuite that will allow Vena to connect to
NetSuite and access data.NetSuite data feeds are based on your NetSuite Saved Searches. Once the script
has been set up in your NetSuite account, you can configure a NetSuite integration as follows.
1. Navigate to the Modeler tab and select Data Transformations in the sidebar.
2. Select the Data Feeds option and select the +Add New button.
3. In the Add New Data Feed pop-up, you will be guided through a four-step integration process that begins
with selecting your source. Once you have selected your source, select Next: Select Connection.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 24/31

4. In the Select Connection box, use the radio buttons to select the connection you wish to use. Next,
select Next: Select Data.05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 25/31

There are two types of Data Feeds you can set up:
Customized Saved Search Data Feed
This way allows you to bring in any data you want, but you must create your own Saved Search in
NetSuite using the Generic RESTlet.
Transaction Saved Search Data Feed
This method is much faster and easier to implement but can only bring in transactional data. The
Transaction Saved Search can be set up by following the instructions to install the NetSuite
SuiteBundle and unique key RESTlet.
Custom Saved Search Data Feed05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 26/31

1. Name: Use this field to create a unique identifier for your data feed.
2. Search ID: Used to specify the Saved Search you would like to pull in to Vena, using its unique NetSuite
ID.
3. Script Deployment URL: Script URL from the setup in NetSuite.
4. Batch Size:  Adjusts the batch size used to query data from NetSuite. By default (i.e. if this field is not
modified), the batch size is set to 1000. Lowering the batch size increases the number of requests made
to NetSuite, but also allows for more frequent progress updates when monitoring an ongoing Integration
job involving the source.
5. Add Another Feed (optional): Used to create additional feeds from the same Netsuite source.
Transaction Saved Search Data Feed05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 27/31

05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 28/31

Pick Transaction Saved Search from the drop-down and then create a unique identifier (Name) for your
data feed.
1. Name: Use this field to create a unique identifier for your data feed.
2. Search ID: Use this field to overwrite the Saved Search sent through the SuiteBundle.  Used to specify
the Saved Search you would like to pull in to Vena, using its unique NetSuite ID.
The saved search must:
be a Transaction Saved Search
Include the field Line Unique Key order by Line Unique Key (ascending)
not include Group By results
more information can be found here
Once you have entered the appropriate Feed Details, click Next: Summary to view a summary of the
information. If you are satisfied with all the details, click Add Data Feed.
When you save a new data feed, it is added to the list in the Transform & Load page and marked with a
yellow icon
  indicating that it is a data feed, and a logo identifying the data feed type. From here, you
can leverage your native connectors as Sources.
Was this article helpful?
1 out of 1 found this helpful
Related articles Recently viewed articles05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 29/31

How-To: Installing the Vena Suite Bundle for
NetSuite
Explainer: Updating the Vena Suite Bundle for
NetSuite
How-To: Set Up a Business Central Connector and
Data Feed
How-To: Scheduling Ongoing ETL Jobs at Exact
Times Using Command-Line ETL
Troubleshooting: Versioning Copy To and Copy
From Must Be Bottom-Level MembersReference: NetSuite Saved Searches Configuration
for Different Use Cases and the Role for the Vena
Connector
Troubleshooting: The Record in Table Vena Trial
Balance Buffer Already Exists. Identification Fields
and Values
Troubleshooting: Vena Data Feed Not Connecting to
Business Central Extension
Reference: Business Central Connector Custom
Extension Fields
How-To: Downloading the Business Central Vena
Extension
Didn't find what you're looking for?
Our application support team is ready to help.
Submit a Request05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 30/31

Copyright © 2011-2025 Vena Solutions Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy PolicyEnglish (US) 05/01/2026, 12:26 How-To: Setting Up a NetSuite Connector and Data Feed – Vena Solutions
https://support.venasolutions.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034556652-How-To-Setting-Up-a-NetSuite-Connector-and-Data-Feed 31/31
